High in this video we're going to turn our attention back to function parameters and function arguments.
So first let's just recall from iterable unpacking what we so we can unpack and iterable on the right
hand side into a table on the left hand side and we just get positional mapping.
So we get April 10 Beagle's 20 and sequel's 30.
Now something very similar happens when you call a function.
So we can first define a function with three parameters a b and c and then we can call it using these
values as arguments 10 20 and 30.
And essentially it's going to be as if we're unpacking this tuple 10:23 into the variables a b and c
which are the parameters of the function.
And so we end up inside the function with a equals 10 vehicles 20 and Segal's 40.
So it's very similar to iterable unpacking.
In fact it's so similar that it also supports the star expressions.
So let's just recall from iterable unpacking how that worked.
If we had a camera become a star C that meant take any iterable on the right hand side take its first
element put it in a take the second element put it in B and then any remaining elements go into a list
that's going to be called C and so here we end up with a 10 B's 20 and sees the list a comma B.
Of course if we had nothing after the 20 this would just be an empty list.
Now something similar happens when we use positional arguments that are being passed to a function.
For example we could define a function with these parameters a b and c and that essentially means that
we will be able to accept two or more parameters when we call func one.
So we can specify two or as many more as we want arguments.
When we call for one and for example we could call func one with 10 and 20 and then these two extra
positional parameters A and B.
Right.
Actually technically arguments A and B.
And so 8 will be 10 B will be 20 and then C will collect the rest of the positional arguments and C
will end up as a tuple a comma B.
So note though that this is a tuple it's not a list unlike what we had when we were doing iterable unpacking.
We do end up with a tuple.
That's kind of a minor difference.
Now the style parameter name is arbitrary.
Here's I used style C but you can make it whatever you want and it is customary but it's not required
just customary to name it style.
You'll see that that's a fairly common convention that everybody uses.
We just call it style.
But in reality you can make it whatever you want.
The name is just the variable name.
What makes this special is the star.
Just like we had with iterable unpacking of the UN with the extended unpacking.
So for example in this case we would probably write it as def phunk one a comma B comma Starns
now starts exhausts the positional arguments this is a little bit different than iterable unpacking.
So you cannot add more positional arguments after Stangs.
That's what I mean by exhausts the positional arguments.
So that's what I mean by that.
Well we could define a function this way with these parameters a b Starns and another parameter that
comes after that.
But if we try and call the function this will not work if we try and call func one with 10 20 a b and
then 100 Python is going to complain saying no you cannot pass a positional argument after basically
this has exhausted your positional arguments.
So that will not work.
I will rectify that in the next set of lectures.
We'll take a look at something else that allows us to do that.
But for now when we're using positional arguments we can't do that and we'll see that in the code example.
So writing this is actually OK right.
Defining a function with this style of parameter list is fine.
That's perfectly acceptable.
That works but it doesn't work in quite the same way that we would expect.
We have trouble unpacking right where we would just take the last element of the interval and then it
would take the first and the second.
So it would turn into a 20 to be 100 into D and then start args would be the remaining which would be
a and b doesn't work that way and functions because after we've exhausted all the positional arguments
we get something else which we've seen before actually the call keyword arguments.
But we'll get to that in the next lecture.
So as far as unpacking arguments go.
Suppose we have this function we have a function again one that just takes three positional parameters
a b and c.
And suppose we have this list with three values 10 20 and 30.
And we essentially want to pass 10 20 and 30 as the arguments of the function.
Right.
We have three and three parameters we have three elements here's we should be able to get three arguments
but this will not work if you try and call func one and pass it the list.
It's good to say no.
I'm expecting three positional arguments.
You only passed in one.
So we can't do that.
That's not going to work.
However we can unpack the list first and then pass it to the function.
And again we've seen that when we're unpacking iterable.
Now this is really just iterable unpacking but it's iterable unpacking on the right hand side of the
assignment.
If you remember.
So we can call it this way we can't say phunk one stop L.
So first unpack the list and then pass it to the function.
And that will work just fine.
And inside the function will have eight to 10 be equal to 20 and C equal to 30.
All right let's switch to some code and let's take a look at that in more detail.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in a bit.